happy Oh selling copies back let me see
ghosts around Kathy yeah yeah can you
say sissy you say sister kissy be gentle
it's so nice
more like choke okay get up stand up
don't crash cab you anymore boy yeah but
you can sit on daddy hey daddy
that's a pretty picture Gabby that's a
really nice material under frigerator
yeah I will put it in Liam's room
oh let me take it Gabby so Liam doesn't
uh damage it let me get let me get on
film in the dark it's easier okay Gabby
do a picture of a heart and a picture of
Liam and Gabby with some trees
okay Liam we're gonna turn the video
camera off because now you're in hitting
things all right bye-bye